faithful reader of jacques thibon day on
is always there with chao maxim in
live from los angeles to cover the 3
2015 and in this new video we are going
tell you about uncharted 4 then
generally maximum when a game is
responsible for concluding the conference with a
big builders such as sony that
simply wants to say that there are some
in the pants
actually she had a big one to
my opinion because the demo we have at
which we attended so sony
behind closed doors so re took
actually the one we had seen
conference but are continuing and
behind so we got pretty much right
about fifteen minutes of gameplay at
total so seven minutes more so I
am not if you remember stopping at
moment when nathan so and and and fired
via his grappling hook and lets eat a wall
that the sequence continues
he arrives on the form he is dragged
for a hundred meters in the
mud so we really see the mud that
who comes to wear his clothes
add to these events with lo
a really very successful realization and the
coup we see hoist on the agreement for
then reach the vehicle is there
follows a session of can not fight or
nathan precisely must shoot at
enemies which are located on the
else of the craft one sees it jumping
of a vehicle a bone all that way
very fluid with changes of
cameras really very smart and
staged really mastered this is where
that we realize that in fact that
naughty dog
while the console came out there
what a year and a half ago already mastery
the ps4 really like chefs actually
I want to say when what is
really bluffing is that usually
there is a compromise that is done one is
often says if a game is beautiful ben
inevitably the gameplay will feel like it
no there not only part of cards
is beautiful and more he looks really
calibrated what all this passage actually
it was co - op direction that made me
think a little about god of war iii at
agreed with me were appointed
in an action from start to finish
you do not come back to resume all suffer
in fact, are you in the head in the
handlebars one can help the action of naxos
and that's what god knows what
well they would then actually put
a lot of people will say well ben that's it
it's scripted
it's a staging that's ready
calculated yes certainly in any case that
loved him but what a show anyway
that's what we know what we want
also in the video game it's about
take full view and there we know to
naughty dog are kings anyway
for this kind of game we saw it with
uncharted 2 that remains that for many
the best episode of the series
there I think they will cross a milestone
during the question and answer session
a newspaper that is asked if it was
one of the most
amazing of the game or so it was
really a sequence that's like
as innocent as any other in fact
finally told us that
was actually part low that
overall ambition had proposed the
sequences as strong
during the whole game we can do them
trust in any case they are they are
enough they are strong enough for that no
I was really amazed too
beyond the graphic quality is
that it talks all the time ago
always this humorous context and there
which makes the department in fact
in uncharted 4 either the space in
party is always busy always
something and then my it's true
that we had not paid attention to
departure but when they walk around
among the local holiday population
we can hear French voices in
done yeah and we just think that
the action takes place in guyana we see in
waiting for locals the locals by
So the French in my opinion and that is to
anyway we know because ticad to us
to travel in the four corners of
world
but no it was rather fun what
to say other
yes in the famous scene precisely the
race-pursuit so it's up to continue
so with the appearance of his brother
who arrived so on to save him
so 20 motorcycles his brother who is embodied
by troy baker who was himself in
the room with hatchet jackson who
embody so elie in sauce so
both were there to assist
so for the first time I believe
he wants whoever saw every day
the first time they first
saw so he was really very
also happy with the result both
so no really a very presentation
intense
we went out completely stunned sounded
of this show of force
we can say it we actually thought that
the new tomb raider go power
actually fill the gap that had between
the two series and in fact no he in
give a layer not when when the
crisis happens at the level of cards id is
well behind nathan drake obviously
lara croft
good after lara croft it will not stay there
rise of the tomb raider it will remain a
very good of we saw it turn yesterday the
here is the game is great but hey it's
true that naughty dog here to push
still the level even more so we
risk of seeing the show anyway
if we talk a lot about rockstar but
naughty dog
yeah actually naughty dog ​​the
kids that's not it's here
Anyway, here's a game of cards
is necessarily one
our scrunchies of 7.3 2015 I repeat it
come out so spring in 2016 neil
druckmann talkman forgiveness who so that the
the director of the game told us
confirmed again so patience
it happens very soon it's hard we
waiting so we will be able to fill the
empty so rendezvous bar in 2016 for
find nathan drake and then ben us
we always find ourselves on gamesactu
for other hot prints here at
Los Angeles with the sun in full swing
face that's thank you for following us
see you soon on gamesactu ciao